README.md, before:

This is a tool where you can upload a 2d brain image, hover your mouse on a particular location, and view its onavg vertex index in many resolutions (ico8, ico16, ico32, ico64, ico128). 
It also provides the numerical and string-labeled location based on the following widely-used anatomical parcellations (Destrieux, DK, DKT). References provided below.

Anatomical Atlases: 

Desikan-Killany Atlas (2006): 
Name: fs128_aparc.json
Reference: Desikan, R. S., Ségonne, F., Fischl, B., Quinn, B. T., Dickerson, B. C., Blacker, D., Buckner, R. L., Dale, A. M., Maguire, R. P., Hyman, B. T., Albert, M. S., & Killiany, R. J. (2006). An automated labeling system for subdividing the human cerebral cortex on MRI scans into gyral based regions of interest. NeuroImage, 31(3), 968–980. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2006.01.021

Destrieux Atlas (2009):
Name: fs128_aparc.a2009s.json
Reference: Destrieux, C., Fischl, B., Dale, A., & Halgren, E. (2010). Automatic parcellation of human cortical gyri and sulci using standard anatomical nomenclature. NeuroImage, 53(1), 1–15. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2010.06.010

Desikan-Killany-Tourville Atlas (2012):
Name: fs128_aparc.DKTatlas.json
Reference: Klein, A., & Tourville, J. (2012). 101 labeled brain images and a consistent human cortical labeling protocol. Frontiers in neuroscience, 6, 171. https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2012.00171

onavg surface template (2024):
Name: onavg (ico8, ico16, ico32, ico64, ico128)
Reference: Feilong, M., Jiahui, G., Gobbini, M. I., & Haxby, J. V. (2024). A cortical surface template for human neuroscience. Nature methods, 21(9), 1736–1742. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-024-02346-y

Access tool at https://jasondavis4422.github.io/onavg-vis/.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to send an email to: jason.a.davis.25@dartmouth.edu

Commit message:

Update README with reference to Elizabeth Li's tool
Added reference to Elizabeth Li's version of the tool.

README.md, after:

This is a tool where you can upload a 2d brain image, hover your mouse on a particular location, and view its onavg vertex index in many resolutions (ico8, ico16, ico32, ico64, ico128). 
It also provides the numerical and string-labeled location based on the following widely-used anatomical parcellations (Destrieux, DK, DKT). References provided below.
This tool is adapted from Elizabeth Li's version located here: https://elizabeth-li-shuxuan.github.io/onavg-vis/

Anatomical Atlases: 

Desikan-Killany Atlas (2006): 
Name: fs128_aparc.json
Reference: Desikan, R. S., Ségonne, F., Fischl, B., Quinn, B. T., Dickerson, B. C., Blacker, D., Buckner, R. L., Dale, A. M., Maguire, R. P., Hyman, B. T., Albert, M. S., & Killiany, R. J. (2006). An automated labeling system for subdividing the human cerebral cortex on MRI scans into gyral based regions of interest. NeuroImage, 31(3), 968–980. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2006.01.021

Destrieux Atlas (2009):
Name: fs128_aparc.a2009s.json
Reference: Destrieux, C., Fischl, B., Dale, A., & Halgren, E. (2010). Automatic parcellation of human cortical gyri and sulci using standard anatomical nomenclature. NeuroImage, 53(1), 1–15. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2010.06.010

Desikan-Killany-Tourville Atlas (2012):
Name: fs128_aparc.DKTatlas.json
Reference: Klein, A., & Tourville, J. (2012). 101 labeled brain images and a consistent human cortical labeling protocol. Frontiers in neuroscience, 6, 171. https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2012.00171

onavg surface template (2024):
Name: onavg (ico8, ico16, ico32, ico64, ico128)
Reference: Feilong, M., Jiahui, G., Gobbini, M. I., & Haxby, J. V. (2024). A cortical surface template for human neuroscience. Nature methods, 21(9), 1736–1742. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-024-02346-y

Access tool at https://jasondavis4422.github.io/onavg-vis/.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to send an email to: jason.a.davis.25@dartmouth.edu
